Planefinding docs updates (#256)
microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit: SpatialMapping/PlaneFinding/UnityAddon/README.md

# Plane Finding

> PlaneFinding add-on that can be used to find planar surfaces (ie: walls/floors/tables/etc) in mesh data, such as the mesh returned by spatial mapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PlaneFinding is an add-on that can be used to find planar surfaces (i.e.: walls/floors/tables/etc.) in mesh data, such as the mesh returned by spatial mapping.
```
